$Id$	

This note is basically just a placeholder.  The real documentation is
located online at the HylaFAX home page:

    http://www.hylafax.org/

The online documentation includes the full contents of the
documentation as well as an HOWTO, FAQ, archives of the HylaFAX mailing 
list, and associated modem-related documentation.

Installation Synopsis
---------------------
Follow the directions in the online documentation.  The main material
on configuring, building, and installing the software is given in:

    http://www.hylafax.org/building.html

Server setup information is found at:

    http://www.hylafax.org/setup.html

The documentation is extensive and designed to be used when installing
the software.  There is also an FAQ that covers (or should cover)
common problems.

The basic procedure is:

    <unpack source code>
    % ./configure
    % make
    % su			# NB: must be root to setup software
    # make install
    # faxsetup

If this does not work and the problem is not clear, then you will
need to look at the documentation and/or the code.

There is documentation!  There is GOBS of documentation.  The online
materials present information needed to build+setup the software; the
manual pages act as a reference guide.  There are manual pages for all
the programs and for all the files and directories that you may be
curious about.  Of course there is also source code for everything, but
this should (hopefully) not be needed.  A useful introduction to the
client applications is given in the hylafax-client manpage.  If you want
to learn how the server and spooling system work, look first at the
hylafax-server manpage.  Remember however that the manual pages are for
reference; the online documentation is designed to be more introductory
in nature and should usually be consulted first when you're looking for
general guidance.

See the README for details on where to turn if you've done all of this
and still need help!
